DOCS-627 Error documentation (#580)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/errors/domains.mdx

    code:         operation_not_allowed_on_primary_domain_code,

}
```

## `SyncNonceAlreadyConsumed`

Signifies an error when the nonce that was given during the sync flow is already consumed.

```json 
{
    shortMessage: "sync nonce already consumed",
    longMessage:  "The given sync nonce has already been consumed and cannot be re-used.",
    code:         sync_nonce_already_consumed_code,
}
```

## `PrimaryDomainAlreadyExists`

Signifies an error when a new domain is added as primary when there is already once in the instance. Currently, we only support a single primary domain per instance.

```json 
{

    shortMessage: "primary domain already exists",
    longMessage:  "Currently, only a single primary domain is supported and the current instance already has one. All new domains need to be set a satellites.",
    code:         primary_domain_already_exists_code,
}
```

## `InvalidProxyConfiguration`

```json
{
    longMessage:  "Clerk Frontend API cannot be accessed through the proxy URL. Make sure your proxy is configured correctly.",
    code:         invalid_proxy_configuration_code,

> }

Reviewer: missing closing backticks

---
title: Domains
description: An index of Clerk errors related to domains.
type: reference
---

# Domains errors index

## `DomainNotFound`

Signifies an error when no domain with the given id was found.

```json
{
    "shortMessage": "Domain not found",
    "longMessage":  "No domain was found with <id>",
    "code":         "resource_not_found_code"
}
```

## `DomainUpdateForbidden`

> Signifies an error when trying to update an non production instance domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Signifies an error when trying to update a non production instance domain.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signifies an error when trying to update a domain for any instance that is not a production instance.
```

```json
{
    "shortMessage": "Domain update was forbidden",
    "longMessage":  "Domain can be only updated for production instances",
    "code":         "domain_update_forbidden_code"
}
```

## `OperationNotAllowedOnSatelliteDomain`

```json
{
    "shortMessage": "operation not allowed",
    "longMessage":  "This operation is not allowed on a satellite domain. Try again using the primary domain of your instance.",
    "code":         "operation_not_allowed_on_satellite_domain_code"
}
```

## `OperationNotAllowedOnPrimaryDomain`

```json
{
    "shortMessage": "operation not allowed",
    "longMessage":  "This operation is not allowed on a primary domain. Try again with a satellite domain of the instance.",
    "code":         "operation_not_allowed_on_primary_domain_code"

}
```

## `SyncNonceAlreadyConsumed`

Signifies an error when the nonce that was given during the sync flow is already consumed.

```json 
{
    "shortMessage": "sync nonce already consumed",
    "longMessage":  "The given sync nonce has already been consumed and cannot be re-used.",
    "code":         "sync_nonce_already_consumed_code"
}
```

## `PrimaryDomainAlreadyExists`

> Signifies an error when a new domain is added as primary when there is already once in the instance. Currently, we only support a single primary domain per instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Signifies an error when a new domain is added as primary while there is already one in the instance. Currently, we only support a single primary domain per instance.
```
